I am smart. I am genuine. I am funny.
I am blessed with an incredible family and wonderful friends.
I am full of positive loving energy.
I deserve to be healthy and feel good.
I forgive myself and set myself free.
I stand up for myself.
Ilove waking up early.
I have mental willpower.
Tam creative.
I am handsome. I am healthy. I am sexy.
I honor my body by trusting the signals that it sends to me.
Money and spirituality can co-exist in harmony.
I am worthy of making more money.
I am financially literate. I make smart decisions for financial freedom.
1am confident in myself and my abilities.
I worry about controlling what I can control.
I can solve any issue/problem in life that comes my way.
I am demanding of respect.
I am only a small piece of the world's larger ecosystem.
Ilike to read and listen to books.
I am fit - I like to run, bike, and lift weights. lam more understanding of others than most people.
I will learn something new today.
I love Kato with all my heart.
I believe small profits (1%) are better than no profits.
I like attention, telling stories, and giving presentations.
I like to be on time, if not early.
I am in a loving and supportive relationship.
I am loved, loving and lovable.
believe I can be all that I want to be. 
today is a good day to make positive, healthy, life changing decisions! 
I am worthy of love and happiness.
I trust the universe to guide me towards my dreams."
I am capable of achieving my goals and aspirations."
I am grateful for all the blessings in my life."
I am confident in my abilities and talents."
I release all negative thoughts and emotions and embrace positivity."
I am surrounded by abundance and prosperity."
I am deserving of success and fulfillment."
I attract positive and supportive people into my life."
I am proud of my accomplishments and achievements."
I am healthy and strong in mind, body, and spirit."
I choose to focus on solutions rather than problems."
I am open to all the possibilities and opportunities that come my way."
I am grateful for the lessons that life has taught me."
I am at peace with myself and my surroundings."
I trust my intuition and inner wisdom."
I am resilient and can overcome any challenge."
I am worthy of respect and admiration."
I am surrounded by love and positivity."
I am capable of creating the life that I desire."
I am grateful for the people who support and uplift me."
I am confident in my ability to make the right decisions."
I am worthy of all the good things life has to offer."
I am open to receiving all the abundance and blessings that the universe has in store for me."
I am worthy of living a fulfilling and joyful life."
I am in control of my thoughts and emotions."
I am surrounded by opportunities to grow and learn."
I am grateful for the beauty and wonder of the world around me."
I am grateful for the people and experiences that have shaped who I am today."
I am excited about the limitless possibilities for my future." 
I manifest perfect health by making smart choices daily (1%).
Every day I am getting healthier and stronger.
I like to make people smile.
I like to dance bachata.
I am calm and am in control of all my reactions.
l am love. I am purpose. I was made with divine intention.
I don't sweat the small stuff.
I can. I will. End of story.
I feed my spirit. I train my body. I focus my mind. It is my time.
I am in charge of how I feel, and today, I choose happy.
I will not compare myself to others on the internet (social media).
I am enough. I am whole. I have the power to create I am powerful enough to create change.
When I want something, I am unstoppable.
My presence is my power. I refuse to give up.
I am going to make me so proud.
I am deserving of the best.
I am capable of doing all things.
I am open and receptive to all the wealth life offers me.
My actions create constant prosperity.
I am constantly in the process of becoming the best version of myself.
I have the freedom and the power to create the life I desire.
I let go of all that no longer serves me.
V IAM MY OWN SUPERHERO!
I am smart. I am genuine. I am funny.
I am blessed with an incredible family and wonderful friends.
V I am full of positive loving energy.
I deserve to be healthy and feel good.
I forgive myself and set myself free.
I stand up for myself.
I love waking up early.
I have mental willpower.
I am creative.
I am handsome. I am healthy. I am sexy.
I honor my body by trusting the signals that it sends to me.
Money and spirituality can co-exist in harmony.
I am worthy of making more money.
I am financially literate. I make smart decisions for financial freedom. lam confident in myself and my abilities.
I worry about controlling what I can control.
I can solve any issue/problem in life that comes my way.
I am demanding of respect.
I am only a small piece of the world's larger ecosystem. vIlike to read and listen to books.
I am fit - I like to run, bike, and lift weights.
I am more understanding of others than most people.
I will learn something new today.
I love Kato with all my heart.
I believe small profits (1%) are better than no profits.
I like attention, telling stories, and giving presentations. v I like to be on time, if not early.
I am in a loving and supportive relationship.
I am loved, loving and lovable.
I believe I can be all that I want to be.
I love me because I am unique in my own ways.
I like getting shit done and being productive. I like cleaning my room and making my bed. I love doing laundry. I love cooking myself healthy, nutritional food. Planning my day ahead is key for all of this structure. 
There have been 120 billion people to live. There are currently 7 billion people alive. We should consciously remind ourselves this and be grateful that we are part of the currently living piece.
I honor my body and mind with rest so I can awaken as my best self.
I will wake up energized in the morning 
I woke up w purpose and went to sleep w fulfillment 
I did my best today, i didn’t cut any corners or take the path of least resistance 
In hindsight, “the worst part of your day” isn’t as bad as i thought it was i was just emotionally in the moment 
Thank you for these 6 hours of sleep tonight , that is all i need 
I create my reality and i choose to wake up tomorrow excited to take on the day 
I can’t wait to wake up 
Today was such a good day 
The best thing that happened today was _____
I’m excited to workout in the morning 
No matter what happens tomorrow i will learn something new & be better than i am today 
I won’t hit snooze tomorrow
I will make tomorrow extraordinary by starting off extraordinary 
My mind and my body are ready to rest. I am in my sanctuary. Everything will be okay! 
I did my best today. I am ready to be recharged. Tomorrow is a new opportunity. 
Calming thoughts and optimism will fill my dreams. I am in a safe space to sleep. 
I will let every worry go. My eyes are tired, my body and I deserve a good night of rest. 
Stress and worries can’t control me. I will let go and be at peace. I’m deserving of a good night of sleep. 
I have done enough today. I’m at peace with the universe. Great things come after a good night of sleep. 
I choose sleep, rest, peace, and relaxation over stress and worry. 
My mindfulness is my priority. 
I deserve love, I deserve peace, I deserve rest.  
I am learning, I’m growing, I’m excited for tomorrow. I believe in me.
I release today
I am in harmony with the universe.
My pay does not create future limitations, tomorrow i’m capable of making anything happen
I will make sure to wake up early to ensure i do not live a life of mediocrity
You are worthy, so you do not need to feel guilty about wanting & asking for your needs to be met
You do not need to feel guilty for doing what’s best for you. say no to plans, decline that phone call, standup for your self even if you have to put your foot down and be stern. 
- Every day brings a new opportunity to create the life I desire. I am capable, strong, and ready to embrace the challenges and joys that come my way.
- I am the architect of my life; I build its foundation and choose its contents. Today, I am brimming with energy and overflowing with joy.
- Every step forward, no matter how small, is progress. I am on a journey of growth and every day brings me closer to my goals.
- you can be both a work in progress and a masterpiece at the same time. 
- It’s going to happen because I’m going to make it happen. 
- what you do once in a while doesn’t matter quite as much as what you do every single day